just doing antics and without
submit no proposal on the 3rd of
October 2010 with 1.353.820 95 votes
Sao Paulo elected to federal deputy
Trio Clown
with this expressive vote in clown
tained our history by becoming the
second most voted federal deputy
from Brazil only losing to the longing
eeas mutton and former federal deputy
by the extinct prone
happens that behind all this
clownery
TIRICA still had enough votes
to pull three more candidates from the
coalition and who were these candidates
the couriers genuine josé do pt joão
paulo cunha do pt and valdemar costa grandson
foot using phrases like worse
that is not there and you're tired of
Who do you think is the best?
ironically the clown voters
gave the opportunity to 3 corrupt
that would never be accepted by the vote
of being elected as MPs
with the phrases what makes a
Congressman
I really do not know, but I'll tell you later.
tale and Congressman nutsedge
vote in abestado and clown managed
to make clowns in one million three hundred
It's forty-eight thousand two hundred and ninety
and five voters more than half of
population of the state of sergipe and
clownery did not stop there
the clown deputy managed to make
clowns the evaluators who elected him
as one of the 20 best MPs in the
National Congress
but how was this possible if simple
because it was two things that weighed
for the good evaluation of the clown deputy
the first physical presence ie he
did not lack any
are deliberative in plenary but this is
pure inversion of values
to be present is not merit
try to miss your job
to see what happens
or better ask your boss for a
will not miss any
work and listen to what he has to say
already the second thing that weighed for good
evaluation of the clown was the deputy
quality of the projects presented
According to the evaluators, the
clown had an important focus on the
artistic and cultural areas
You want to know what were your proposals
I will cite the three most important
first bill 3544 bar 2012
grant exemption from the tax on
ipi incident industrialized products
on vehicles for use in
circus activities second project of
law 3546 bar 2012 to guarantee children
of circus performers in the age group of
4 to 17 years whose activity is
traveling in public or private schools.
third party bill
3542 bar 2012
to institute the diploma friend of the circus
so this is it if you were one of the one
million, three hundred and forty-eight thousand
two hundred and ninety-five voters who
they voted a clown
I hope you're feeling this way.
very well represented moment
It happens that deep down I believe that
put a clown in the federal chamber does not
has gone from being a great way to
protest
the protest against the lack of hospitals
against the lack of security against
corruption but protesting this way does not
brings
in practice no benefit to the
society
on the contrary it is only for
legally place new clowns and
possible corrupt in power
so my friend stays here not the appeal
come back in the clown in superman no
batman and much less gave him I think
do not even have the slightest condition
to complete a sentence that starts
in the middle and end
no
waste more of your vote with a
clown